Yves, ViVi: Oh
ViVi: Dry ice is coming out a lot!
ViVi: She doesn't looks like a human being with dry ice spreading on the floor!
Yves: Yes. She looks like kind of ascetic...!
ViVi: Right!
(Go Won is filming group dancing scene with mysterious vibes)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
Yves: What is happening?
Yves: The staffs are busy to scrub the floor...
Go Won: We danced on the floor with dry ice
Go Won: However, dry ice makes the floor too slippery.
Go won: It looked beautiful but it was very dangerous...
Yves: Right, safety first!
(They are shooting the same scene again without dry ice!)
Yves: Did you do well?
Go Won: I did well, right...?
Yves: You look much better than before!
Go won: I'm so tired~